Support custom FIPS proxy configuration using configMap (#1095)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/CHANGELOG.md

# Datadog changelog

## 3.33.0

> * Add `fips.useConfigMap` and `fips.customFipsConfig` parameters to configure FIPS proxy side-car datadog-fips-proxy.cfg using configMap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `fips.useConfigMap` and `fips.customFipsConfig` parameters to allow configuring FIPS proxy sidecar `datadog-fips-proxy.cfg` using a ConfigMap.
```

* Fix comment for datadog.kubernetesEvents.collectedEventTypes in values.yaml.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
